Readme update (#1019)
GeoscienceAustralia/dea-notebooks: README.rst

  :target: https://github.com/GeoscienceAustralia/dea-notebooks/actions/workflows/test_notebooks.yml
  :alt: Notebook testing

> **Contribute:** We'd love your contribution! DEA Notebooks is an opensource project and welcomes contributions from everyone. Please use this handy  `template notebook <https://github.com/GeoscienceAustralia/dea-notebooks/blob/develop/DEA_notebooks_template.ipynb>`_ to construct your contribution!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Contribute:** We'd love your contribution! DEA Notebooks is an open-source project and welcomes contributions from everyone. Please use this handy `template notebook <https://github.com/GeoscienceAustralia/dea-notebooks/blob/develop/DEA_notebooks_template.ipynb>`_ to construct your contribution!
```
